Update optimize-search-partitions.md (#5098)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/optimize-search-partitions.md

You can create partitions within both data tier and flex plans.

### Data Tier plans

You can use data tiers if you have a license for Sumo Logic's [Enterprise Suite Credits](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-credits-accounts/#enterprise-suite) account type. By default, all log data ingested into Sumo Logic is assigned to the `sumologic_default` partition, which operates on the Continuous tier. If you have an Enterprise Suite Credits account type, you have the option to assign some log data to either the Frequent or Infrequent tier by creating a separate partition with a specific routing expression and assigned data tier.

Different data tiers come with varying credit burn rates. Costs will be incurred for ingesting log data into Sumo Logic based on the tier: Continuous, Frequent, and Infrequent. Logs held in the Infrequent tier will also incur costs when the data is subsequently queried for analysis. The number of credits consumed will be determined by the volume of log data scanned. To learn more, refer to the [Data Tier Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/data-tiers). 

### Flex plans

> In contrast, it is recommended to opt for Sumo Logic's Flex account type to use the Flex plan, which does not involve assigning log data to specific tiers. All log data* ingested under a Flex plan is classified as Flex data, and pricing is determined on the volume of log data scanned when running log search queries and dashboards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, it is recommended to opt for Sumo Logic's Flex account type to use the Flex plan, which does not involve assigning log data to specific tiers. All log data* ingested under a Flex plan is classified as Flex data, and pricing is determined on the volume of log data scanned when running interactive log searches, dashboards, monitors and other content that generates log queries. 
```

> In contrast, it is recommended to opt for Sumo Logic's Flex account type to use the Flex plan, which does not involve assigning log data to specific tiers. All log data* ingested under a Flex plan is classified as Flex data, and pricing is determined on the volume of log data scanned when running interactive log searches, dashboards, monitors and other content that generates log queries. 

Author: ```suggestion
In contrast, it is recommended to opt for Sumo Logic's Flex account type to use the Flex plan, which does not involve assigning log data to specific tiers. All log data* ingested under a Flex plan is classified as Flex data, and pricing is determined on the volume of log data scanned when running interactive log searches, dashboards, monitors, and other content that generates log queries. 
```

> Creating partition is an important method to control the amount of data scanned. You can still create log data partitions with a Flex plan that do not require you to have different data tiers. Depending on the account type chosen within Flex,  you may access additional features such as data forwarding, dashboards, monitors, scheduled searches, and scheduled views. To learn more about creating partitions with the Flex plan, refer to the [Flex Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/flex).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The creation of partitions is supported in Flex plans and it is a useful method for managing costs by controlling the amount of data scanned. Unlike data tier plans, partitions created in a Flex plan do not have different data tiers. Depending on the account type chosen within Flex,  you may access additional features such as data forwarding, dashboards, monitors, scheduled searches, and scheduled views. To learn more about creating partitions with the Flex plan, refer to the [Flex Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/flex).
```

> *Customers licensed for [Enterprise Suite Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts/#enterprise-suite-flex) account type can also license [Cloud SIEM](/docs/cse/) solution. With this, the subset of ingested log data forwarded to the Cloud SIEM solution is not categorized as Flex data. Instead of being priced based on the volume of data scanned by queries, the forwarded data is priced based on the volume ingested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Customers licensed for [Enterprise Suite Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts/#enterprise-suite-flex) can also license [Cloud SIEM](/docs/cse/). With this, the subset of ingested log data forwarded to the Cloud SIEM solution is not categorized as Flex data. Instead of price being based on the volume of data scanned by queries, it is based on the volume of log data forwarded to Cloud SIEM.
```
